credits.md, before:

# Credits
Thank you for making the Starbound Hatter possible!

Special thanks to [Silverfeelin](https://github.com/Silverfeelin) for letting me using his Hatter template.

## Template
The template the main page uses originates from [Quackit](http://www.quackit.com/), and can be found [here](http://www.quackit.com/html/templates/corporate_website_templates.cfm).

## Resources
The Starbound Hatter also uses the following resources to function the way it does. You can view the official page and the license for each listing by opening the corresponding hyperlinks.

Resource | License
--- | ---
[Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/) | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/BOOTSTRAP)
[FileSaver.js](https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/) | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/FILESAVERJS)
[Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/) | [View](http://fontawesome.io/license/)
[jQuery](https://jquery.com/) | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/JQUERY)

Commit message:

Updated GitHub pages site and credits.

credits.md, after:

# Credits

Credits for xHatter:

- **Web page:** Created by [Degranon](https://github.com/KrashV).
- **Hatter template:** Created by [Silverfeelin](https://github.com/Silverfeelin).
- **Starbound mod:** [Degranon](https://github.com/KrashV) created the original Advanced Hatter mod; [FezzedOne](https://github.com/FezzedOne) fixed bugs, added functionality for flippable cosmetic items in all slots and added support for special functionality in xStarbound.

## Template

The template the main page uses originates from [Quackit](http://www.quackit.com/), and can be found [here](http://www.quackit.com/html/templates/corporate_website_templates.cfm).

## Resources

The xHatter / Advanced Hatter also uses the following resources to function the way it does. You can view the official page and the license for each listing by opening the corresponding hyperlinks.

| Resource                                                 | License                                                                                   |
| -------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| [Bootstrap](http://getbootstrap.com/)                    | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/BOOTSTRAP)   |
| [FileSaver.js](https://github.com/eligrey/FileSaver.js/) | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/FILESAVERJS) |
| [Font Awesome](http://fontawesome.io/)                   | [View](http://fontawesome.io/license/)                                                    |
| [jQuery](https://jquery.com/)                            | [View](https://github.com/Silverfeelin/Starbound-Hatter/blob/master/licenses/JQUERY)      |
